Review Git for Beginner (#157)
C2SM/git-course: beginner/Exercise_2_switch_branches.md

For the planning of the other day, we want to use another Git branch.
To keep track of all the different branches, Git provides the `git branch` command to see all branches of a repository.

> The `*` indicates our current branch. Hit the `q` key to exit the branch view.

Author: ```suggestion
The `*` indicates our current branch. If a branch view has been opened, you can close it with by pressing the `q` key.
```
